Fix typos (#385)
plt-amy/1lab: src/Cat/Base.lagda.md

```
-->

> The identity functor can be defined using the identity _function_ for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The identity functor can be defined using the identity funct*ion* for
```

This seems to work.
